Update 100-elastic-stack.md (#1459)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/102-devops/content/107-monitoring/102-logs-management/100-elastic-stack.md

> # Elastic stack
> 
> Elastic stack is a group of open source products comprised of Elasticsearch, Kibana, Beats, and Logstash and more that help store, search, analyze, and visualize data from various source, in different format, in real-time.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://www.elastic.co/elastic-stack/'>Elastic Stack Website</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.elastic.co/guide/index.html'>Official Docs</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.elastic.co/elastic-stack/features'>Elastic Stack features</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Elastic Stack

Elastic Stack is a group of open source products comprised of Elasticsearch, Kibana, Beats, and Logstash and more that help store, search, analyze, and visualize data from various source, in different format, in real-time.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://www.elastic.co/elastic-stack/'>Elastic Stack Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Docs' href='https://www.elastic.co/guide/index.html'>Official Docs</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Features List' href='https://www.elastic.co/elastic-stack/features'>Elastic Stack features</BadgeLink>
```
